Ensure attributes are removed (#3)
combinaut/laforge: Readme.md

    foo.forge! # => Saves the model with the attributes { height: 20, width: 5, name: 'El Capitan' }
  ```

> Note calling `record_data_entries` builds the data_entries, but the data_entries are not created and prioritized until `forge!`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Calling `record_data_entries` builds the Data Entries, but they are not persisted and and the record's attributes not updated until `forge!` is called.
```

3. Remove data for an existing model from any of your sources.
  ```ruby
    foo.remove_data_entries(source1)
    foo.forge! # => Saves the model with the attributes { height: 19, width: nil, name: 'El Capitan' }
  ```

> Note calling `remove_data_entries` marks the data_entries for destruction, but the data_entries are destroyed and nullified until `forge!`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** calling `remove_data_entries` marks the data_entries for destruction, but the Data Entries are not destroyed and the removed attributes not nullified until `forge!` is called.
```
